profile/README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

## Access



## Contributors

<div align="center">
    <table>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/augustefy">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/147426313?v=4" width="80px"><br>
                Auguste Fleury<br>
                🛠️ Developer
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/HMatheo">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/114507178?v=4" width="80px"><br>
                Mathéo Hersan<br>
                🛠️ Developer
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/juleslascret">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/100965196?v=4" width="80px"><br>
                Jules Lascret<br>
                🛠️ Developer
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center" colspan="2">
            <a href="https://github.com/MrLilian24">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/73853295?v=4" width="80px"><br>
                Rémi Lavergne<br>
                🛠️ Developer
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center" colspan="2">
            <a href="https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/git/paul.levrault">
            <img src="https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/git/avatars/faa6370ffaee2c8ccec8a84af5019a07?size=870" width="80px"><br>
                Paul Levrault<br>
                🛠️ Developer
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/GenDoum">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/155983689?v=4" width="80px"><br>
                Yannis Doumir Fernandes<br>
                🛠️ Developer
            </a>
        </td>
    </table>
</div>

<div align="center"><strong>❤️ Maintained with passion by the LetsGo team - 2025</strong></div>

Commit message:

Update README with access and consultation details
Added information about repository access and consultation requests.

profile/README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

## Access

All repositories in this organization are under a proprietary license.
By default, access is private and limited to the designated owners listed below.

For any consultation requests based on legitimate reasons, please contact one of the contributors.

## Contributors

<div align="center">
    <table>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/augustefy">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/147426313?v=4" width="80px"><br>
                Auguste Fleury<br>
                🛠️ Developer
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/HMatheo">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/114507178?v=4" width="80px"><br>
                Mathéo Hersan<br>
                🛠️ Developer
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/juleslascret">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/100965196?v=4" width="80px"><br>
                Jules Lascret<br>
                🛠️ Developer
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center" colspan="2">
            <a href="https://github.com/MrLilian24">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/73853295?v=4" width="80px"><br>
                Rémi Lavergne<br>
                🛠️ Developer
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center" colspan="2">
            <a href="https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/git/paul.levrault">
            <img src="https://codefirst.iut.uca.fr/git/avatars/faa6370ffaee2c8ccec8a84af5019a07?size=870" width="80px"><br>
                Paul Levrault<br>
                🛠️ Developer
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/GenDoum">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/155983689?v=4" width="80px"><br>
                Yannis Doumir Fernandes<br>
                🛠️ Developer
            </a>
        </td>
    </table>
</div>

<div align="center"><strong>❤️ Maintained with passion by the LetsGo team - 2025</strong></div>
